# Mouse Cursor Controlled by Eye Movement for Individuals with Disabilities (Major-Project) - April 2023 
The proposed system is the eye control technology is a game changer when it comes to assistive tech. It can help people with physical disabilities achieve greater independence, while also improving their overall quality of life. Initial results from this research are really promising! Eye-tracking technology is providing people with physical disabilities more independence and productivity. It is enabling them to engage with computers and other devices in an inventive way, allowing for further growth in their lives. While this technology has come a long way, there are still areas that need improvement. Environmental factors such as lighting and head movement can make current eye-tracking technologies unreliable at times. Future advancements in this field could help to eliminate these issues. This could be pivotal in allowing these individuals access to advanced technology. This innovative breakthrough in assistive technology for individuals with disabilities promises to greatly improve their quality of life. There is no denying its potential to be a real game-changer. As we continue to research and innovate, the usability of this technology can be further enhanced, making the world a more equitable and inclusive place.
[Mouse Cursor Controlled by Eye Movement for Individuals with Disabilities.pdf](https://github.com/Praveenajw/mouse-cursor-controlled-by-eye-movement-for-individuals-with-disabilities/files/11790048/Mouse.Cursor.Controlled.by.Eye.Movement.for.Individuals.with.Disabilities.pdf)
